Great. Now you should have your WebSocket application ready.
Let's run it, shall we?
So I'm running the WebSocket application here.
What it can do is, when you connect it to
the broker and you will see that you can start sending the messages.
In here, what we are sending is a name.
You can see that the Schedulers keep coming because we
are trying to putting out auto messages into the broker when it's empty.
So if I say, I'm John and we'll send this message to broker,
it will display that in the UI. Let's try different.
Let me start another UI.
So this is second client,
which is connected to the broker.
Here with Stephen, I'm sending that,
and in this here,
you can also see the messages.
Because remember, we are sending all the messages to
one broker and all the UI are showing that.
So if I'm doing that here and I'm sending John 2,
I'm the message, you'll see the message over her,
and you will see the message over here.
I hope you enjoy this demo.